Documentation update - daal4py, model builders (#1314)
intel/scikit-learn-intelex: doc/daal4py/index.rst

oneAPI and GPU support in daal4py
---------------------------------

> daal4py oneAPI and GPU support deprecated - please use scikit-learn-intelex 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
daal4py oneAPI and GPU support is deprecated. Use `scikit-learn-intelex <https://intel.github.io/scikit-learn-intelex/oneapi-gpu.html#>`_ 
```

> instead -  https://intel.github.io/scikit-learn-intelex/oneapi-gpu.html#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead.
```

on Anaconda Cloud in `Conda Forge channel <https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/daal4py>`_
and in `Intel channel <https://anaconda.org/intel/daal4py>`_.
Sources and build instructions are available in
`daal4py repository <https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/tree/master/daal4py>`_.

> daal4py package avaialbe on same channels and platforms as scikit-learn-intelex, please 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The daal4py package is available via same distribution channels and platforms as scikit-learn-intelex. 
```

> refer to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See  
```

Scikit-Learn API and patching
-----------------------------
.. note::

>     Recommended flow for scikit-lear patching is through use of the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Recommended flow for scikit-learn patching is through use of the 
```

>     Recommended flow for scikit-lear patching is through use of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend using 
```
